>> Brian Holt: The way that I personally
organize my React components,
this is kind of like Brian Holt,
the way I do things.
It's not necessarily gospel, but I found
it to be a common pattern to arrive at.
As I always have propTypes first,
100% of the time,
first thing in the component is propTypes.
This just lets people coming in know,
here are the props you're
gonna be dealing with.
Second thing is getInitialState.
Here's the state that you're
gonna be dealing with.
Then we haven't done any
life-cycle methods yet.
We're about to within the next,
I don't know, half-hour or so.
But life-cycle methods would be next.
After that is all the functions
that I wrote, right?
So like the handleSearchTerm, that's just
a method that I wrote for my convenience.
And then the very last thing
that I put on there is
render.
>> Brian Holt: So
that's the way I organize
my React components.
There's no reason you have to do it that
way, but I just find that to be a very
readable way to organize my code.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah?
>> Speaker 2: They're asking to see
cleanapp.js, clientapp.js again.
>> Brian Holt: Any other questions before
I move on?
>> Speaker 2: Another question,
which method do you prefer for
handling secured routes,
React router or higher order component?
>> Brian Holt: So
secure route being the sense that you
probably need to be authenticated.
There's a bunch of ways
you can handle that,
and I think higher order components is
definitely an easier way to handle that.
That's the way I'd typically choose to.
A higher order component, just to recap,
I think I briefly mentioned it yesterday,
but I'll say again,
is BrowerRouter itself has no display.
It doesn't exactly show you anything.
What it is, it's a component that
encapsulates behavior, right?
It's a router, right?
And so it's considered a higher order
component in a sense that it's supposed to
wrap other components in it, and views
behavior on whatever it encapsulates.
So we encapsulate our app with
BrowserRouter and it basically says, okay,
now you have routing behavior.
Now go make your markup and
do whatever behavior you were meant to use
from the higher order component, right?
So you can do the same sort of
thing with like Match, right.
You could wrap this in a component
that only matches when someone is
securely authenticated to whatever
route they're supposed to be going to.
And I won't show that today
because no one likes doing Auth.
I don't like doing Auth.
But there's another front end masters
course on that, so you should watch that